README.md, before:

# Description & requirements

Your objective in this assignment is to create a countdown app built using this boilerplate (+ any
other tools of your choice) that follows the design specifications provided
[in this Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/UPEugUz5jM9IzIkWft2Y9m/NC-challenge). The app should
work in portrait as well as in landscape mode while the text displayed on the screen should always
fill the whole width of the screen.

In your app, it should be possible to define the end date and the name of the event taking place on
that day. The countdown should always start from the current time and it should display the time
remaining to your specified end date in the following format: Days, Hours(h), Minutes(m), Seconds(s)
_(e.g., 3 days, 15 h, 20 m, 5 s)_. To make sure the text always covers the entire screen width, it
should resize whenever necessary to achieve this objective.

The purpose of the solution is to “fit” the input text into an element in one line (no line breaks,
filling the whole width) using the maximum possible font-size.

Please make sure that your text fit solution is reusable and that the event name, as well as the
specified end date, are persisted between page reloads.

**Once you feel ready to share your solution, please:**

- Commit the code to Github or your favorite VCS.
- Write a simple README.md explaining how to set up the project (assuming it’s read by a developer
  who is experienced with all the used tools).
- Include a URL to a deployed working Web page (use netlify.com or github.io or whatever simple
  hosting tool that works for you).

Please put the resulting project in a public github repository and provide a link to it. Please make
it easy for us to test the result.

## Optional goals

You’re free to complete this additional goal to get a higher score if you want!

1. Write suggestions of how this solution can be improved. Describe what the next steps would be in
   order for this app to be production ready.

## Running the app

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will
automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Further help

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version
17.3.6.

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the
[Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## How to run it locally

0. If you are using NVM run `nvm use` to use the recommended Node version.

1. Start by installing the dependencies by running: `npm install`

2. You can now run the app by running: `npm run start`

## How to run it using Docker

To run it using Docker start by building the image: `docker build -t countdown-app .`

Then start a container and expose port `8080` by running:

`docker run -p 8080:8080 -t countdown-app`

## How to run the tests

To run the tests, first ensure you have installed the dependencies (see above), then simply run:

`npm run test`

If you want to run the tests in headless mode, simply run:

`npm run test:headless`

## Deployment

The app is deployed to Azure Web Apps automatically by GitHub Actions when changes are pushed to
master. The pipeline also ensures the tests are passing before deploying.

The URL of the app is: https://countdown-app.azurewebsites.net/

## Suggestions for improving the app:

0. Add more extensive testing, end-to-end testing, for example

1. Add a share functionality where the event is saved in, for example, Firebase and the user is
   given a link they can share with other people

Commit message:

Add docker-compose file, and README instructions

README.md, after:

# Description & requirements

Your objective in this assignment is to create a countdown app built using this boilerplate (+ any
other tools of your choice) that follows the design specifications provided
[in this Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/UPEugUz5jM9IzIkWft2Y9m/NC-challenge). The app should
work in portrait as well as in landscape mode while the text displayed on the screen should always
fill the whole width of the screen.

In your app, it should be possible to define the end date and the name of the event taking place on
that day. The countdown should always start from the current time and it should display the time
remaining to your specified end date in the following format: Days, Hours(h), Minutes(m), Seconds(s)
_(e.g., 3 days, 15 h, 20 m, 5 s)_. To make sure the text always covers the entire screen width, it
should resize whenever necessary to achieve this objective.

The purpose of the solution is to “fit” the input text into an element in one line (no line breaks,
filling the whole width) using the maximum possible font-size.

Please make sure that your text fit solution is reusable and that the event name, as well as the
specified end date, are persisted between page reloads.

**Once you feel ready to share your solution, please:**

- Commit the code to Github or your favorite VCS.
- Write a simple README.md explaining how to set up the project (assuming it’s read by a developer
  who is experienced with all the used tools).
- Include a URL to a deployed working Web page (use netlify.com or github.io or whatever simple
  hosting tool that works for you).

Please put the resulting project in a public github repository and provide a link to it. Please make
it easy for us to test the result.

## Optional goals

You’re free to complete this additional goal to get a higher score if you want!

1. Write suggestions of how this solution can be improved. Describe what the next steps would be in
   order for this app to be production ready.

## Running the app

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will
automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Further help

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version
17.3.6.

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the
[Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## How to run it locally

0. If you are using NVM run `nvm use` to use the recommended Node version.

1. Start by installing the dependencies by running: `npm install`

2. You can now run the app by running: `npm run start`

## How to run it using Docker

To run it using Docker start by building the image: `docker build -t countdown-app .`

Then start a container and expose port `8080` by running:

`docker run -p 8080:8080 -t countdown-app`

## How to run it using docker-compose

To run it using `docker-compose` simply run: `docker-compose up`

## How to run the tests

To run the tests, first ensure you have installed the dependencies (see above), then simply run:

`npm run test`

If you want to run the tests in headless mode, simply run:

`npm run test:headless`

## Deployment

The app is deployed to Azure Web Apps automatically by GitHub Actions when changes are pushed to
master. The pipeline also ensures the tests are passing before deploying.

The URL of the app is: https://countdown-app.azurewebsites.net/

## Suggestions for improving the app:

0. Add more extensive testing, end-to-end testing, for example

1. Add a share functionality where the event is saved in, for example, Firebase and the user is
   given a link they can share with other people
